Fix/fix typos login setup (#18511)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/secure/enable-authentication/ysql.md

$ ./bin/ysqlsh -U yugabyte
```

> You are prompted to enter the password. Upon successful log in to the YSQL shell, you should see the following output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are prompted to enter the password. After logging in to the YSQL shell, you should see the following output:
```
